Here are the commercial building permits issued in Albuquerque last week

The city of Albuquerque issued 8 building permits over the past seven days.

The permit for the largest project in terms of square footage was issued on Sept. 11 to Hagen Properties for a retaining wall at 8300 Palomas Ave. NE in Albuquerque. The estimated cost of the work is about $7,200. The work will be done by Trinity Construction and Arcline Architectural Design.

The permit for the largest project in terms of estimated cost was issued on Sept. 10 to Carlos Padilla for a project at 2720 Vassar NE in Albuquerque. The estimated cost of the work is about $220,000. The work will be done by Rising Sun Electric LLC

Among the other permits issued:

WaFd Bank received a permit on Sept. 9 for a commercial sign at 4400 Osuna Road NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by Electrical Products Co. The estimated cost of the work is about $5,000.

WaFd Bank received a permit on Sept. 9 for a commercial sign at 3000 Eubank Blvd. NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by Electrical Products Co. The estimated cost of the work is about $10,000.

Albuquerque Bernalillo County Water Utility Authority received a permit on Sept. 9 for a project at 11928 Candelaria Road NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by KDC Mechanical LLC. The estimated cost of the work is about $25,000.

Panda Express received a permit on Sept. 9 for a commercial sign at 9500 Montgomery Blvd. NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by Electrical Products Co. The estimated cost of the work is about $2,500.

High Desert Relief received a permit on Sept. 8 for a commercial sign at 4840 Pan American Frwy NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by Hei Inc.

Mike Fanning received a permit on Sept. 8 for a retaining wall at 8130 Ventura St. NE in Albuquerque. The work will be done by Klinger Constructors LLC. The estimated cost of the work is about $5,455.

This story was automatically generated by a computer application and is based on public records made available by the city of Albuquerque Planning Department. The application retrieves a spreadsheet of building permits each Sunday. Data in the spreadsheet is entered by planning department staff and via an online permit application system. Albuquerque Business First Managing Editor Chris Keller reviews the data before it is published. Estimated cost is calculated by the building department and is based on a formula that takes into account the square footage of the project, labor costs and materials. During the week of Aug. 17, 2020, a change in the available data removed some details about the type of work being done. That change is reflected here.
